4	As shocking as this utter failure may be to the nearly 1 billion faithful Facebook users around the world, it’s no surprise to anyone who read the initial public offering (IPO)prospectus. Worse still, all the crises that emerged when the company debuted-overpriced shares, poor corporate governance, huge challenges to the core business, and a damaged brand-remain today. Facebook looks like a prime example of what Wall Street calls a falling knife-that is, one that can cost investors their fingers if they try to catch it.
4	The charge stems from a police investigation into money-laundering known as Operation Satiagraha. It grew out of a previous investigation into Mr. Dantas’ use of Kroll, a security consultancy, to watch over his business partners. During this investigation the police seized a computer from Opportunity, Mr. Dantas’s investment bank, which contained data from the mid-1990s to 2004 and apparently showed suspicious movements of money.
4	Many bankers may be worried about whether some fancy product dreamed up might yet lead to a visit from the police. Daniel Dantas, a financier, who has profited by operating at the middle place where business and government meet in Brazil, has been opening the door to find the police outside for much of the past decade.
4	Adopting a vegetarian diet is one option to increase the amount of water available to grow more food in an increasingly climate-unstable world, the scientists said. Animal protein-rich food consumes 5 to 10 times more water than a vegetarian diet. One third of the world’s arable land is used to grow crops to feed animals. Other options to feed people include eliminating waste and increasing trade between countries in food surplus and those in　deficit. 
4	There are several measures which can make us achieve a balance between work and leisure. To begin with, it is advisable to make strategic decisions ahead of time. One should think of realistic goals to achieve at work or in the spare time, which can ensure the proper arrangement of one’s time. Secondly, making efficient use of time is crucial in balancing work and leisure. After devoting enough energy in completing work assignments, one can get the difficult or important tasks done early. This helps guarantee oneself certain blocks of time to have fun.
4	Numbers are only part of the problem. The mounting pile of failure creates a negative feedback loop that threatens Facebook’s future in other ways. Indeed, the more Facebook’s disappointment in the market is catalogued, the worse Facebook’s image becomes. Not only does that threaten to rub off on users, it’s bad for recruitment and retention of talented hackers, who are the lifeblood of Zuckerberg’s creation.
4	While thinking about the question, we came across a recently published article by Charles Jones and Peter Klenow, which proposes an interesting new measure of economic welfare. While by no means perfect, it is considerably more comprehensive than average income, taking into account not only growth in consumption per person but also changes in working time, life expectancy, and inequality. Moreover, it can be used to assess economic performance both across countries and over time.
4	Machines aren’t limited this way. Give the right computer a massive database of faces, and it can process what it sees—then recognize a face it’s told to find—with remarkable speed and precision. This skill is what supports the enormous promise of facial-recognition software in the 21st century. It’s also what makes contemporary surveillance systems so scary.
4	The trouble is, for many of the researchers who’d like to design systems to address these challenges, massive datasets for experimentation just don’t exist—at least, not in formats that are accessible to academic researchers. Training sets like the ones Google and Facebook have are private. There are no public databases that contain millions of faces. MegaFace’s creators say it’s the largest publicly available facial-recognition dataset out there.
4	Originally from South America, the snails were accidentally introduced into the Ebro Delta by Global Aquatic Technologies, a company that raised the snails for fresh-water aquariums, but failed to prevent their escape. For now, the giant apple snail’s presence in Europe is limited to the Ebro Delta. But the snail continues its march to new territory.
