1	Living and dealing with kids can be a tough job these days, but living and dealing with parents can be even tougher. If I have learned anything in my 16 years, it is that communication is very important, both when you disagree and when you get along. With any relationship, you need to let other person know how you are feeling. If you are not able to communicate, you drift apart. When you are mad at your parents, or anyone else, not talking to them doesn’t solve anything. Communication begins with the concerns of another.
1	Six people were traveling in a compartment on a train. Five of them were quiet and well behaved, but the sixth was a rude young man who was making a lot of trouble to the other passengers. At last, this young man got out at a station with his two heavy bags. No one helped him, but one of them waited until the rude young man was very far away , and then opened the window and shouted to him, “You left something behind in the compartment!” Then he closed the window again.
1	“Fire is a good servant but a bad master.” This is an old English saying. What does it mean? After people learnt how to make fire, they learnt how to use it. They used it to keep warm and drive away animals. They also learnt how to cook food with it. Fire served people well and is still serving them well. But sometimes a building catches fire. Sometimes a building is destroyed and people lose their homes. Sometimes people even lose their lives. Fire is not the servant them. It has become the master!
1	Recently, an Internet game has become a new fashion among young office workers and students. People can “farm” on a piece of “land” and “grow”, “sell” or even “steal” “vegetables”, “flowers” and “fruits” on the Internet. They can earn some e-money and buy more “seeds”, “pets” and even “houses”. Joyce interviewed some young people. Here are their opinions. Harold: I don’t quite understand why they are so mad about the childish game. Maybe they are just not confident enough to face the real world. Allan: I enjoy putting some “bugs” in my friends gardens and we’ve become closer because of the game. Having fun together is the most exciting thing about it.
1	Almost every child in cities has the chance to go to school, but not all children in the countries are so lucky. There is a girl called Xiao Fang. She is eight years old and lives in a small village in Guangxi. When she was young, she wanted to go to school. But she could not, because her family was too poor to afford the school fees for her, so her parents had to keep her at home. Instead of studying, Xiao Fang worked in the fields with her parents every day. Then Hope Project heard about Xiao Fang. It agreed to help Xiao Fang to go to school. Her wish of study came true, and now she is studying in a school. Unluckily there are many thousands of children who can not go to school. You can join in Hope Project and help these children. You know all the good work needs money. Hope Project needs your help.
1	Last Friday a storm swept through two villages in the New Territories, destroying fourteen homes. Seven others were so badly damaged that their owners had to leave them, and fifteen others had broken windows or broken roofs. One person was killed, several were badly hurt and taken to hospital, and a number of other people received smaller hurt. Altogether over two hundred people were homeless after the storm.
