0	Today is cloudy. There was much black cloud on the sky this morrning. The sky looked very dark. I walked home from the youth centre. While I nearly arrived home, I felt few rain on my head. I looked up but couldn’t see anything unusual. Then a minute later, a heavy rain rained on my body suddenly. It rained at that moment. so I must run home in the rain!
0	My English teacher has a big house. It has a living room, a big dining room, two bedrooms, a study, two bathrooms and a big kitchen. In the living room, there is a big picture, four brown sofas, white fans and blue walls. The TV set is big. There is a big Chinese knot on the wall. There are lanterns below the lights. I like them. This is my English teacher’s house.
0	There are many clocks in the Brown’s house. They are in different rooms. A big clock stands in a corner of the sitting room. It is a very, very old clock, but it still keeps good time. Mr. Brown winds it once a week.
0	I have a lot of little handiwork, but the favorite one is my collecting-tin. It is a little man made of china. He wears a red hat and a pair of big glasses. His blue clothes are very nice. He has a red noseband no big eyes like stars on his face. His big and round body is very funny. Because of this collecting-fin, I have learned how to savemoney, When I was a little boy, I always put coins away, then I dropped them into his round bOdy. Sometimes he can “eat” plenty of coins at a time, He becomes heavier and heavier day after day.
0	I don’t think everyone really knows. There are six letters in the word “FAMILY”. I think, “F” means “father”, “A” means “and”, “M” means “mother”, “I” means “I”, “L” means “love” and “Y” means “you”. So “FAMILY” is the short form of “Father and mother, I love you.” Don’t you think so? Father and mother love us, and we love father and mother. That’s a happy family.
0	My winner vacation is coming soon. I am so happy I decide to make a winter vacation plan. First, I will do my homework carefully Second, I am going to help my mother with housework. Then, I want to play with my best friend. I will also visit my grangparents with my parents. We will spend Spring Festival with them. I think every day during my winter vacation will be happy.
0	I have a good friend. His name is Zhang Peng. He is 12 years old. He lives in Beijing. He is in class one grade six. He likes playing basketball, swimming and watching TV. He is very clever and friendly. He has a happy family. His father is an English teacher. His mother works in a hoapital. She is a doctor. He has a brother. His brother is a student, too.
0	Once upon a time. there was a house. beside the house there was a bird cage. one day a cat went to eat the bird, so the cat jumped and hit the bird cage. the bird cage fell down to the ground knocking the bird cage’s door open. the bird then flew away. so the cat started to chase the bird and the dog chased the cat. however the bird flew on top of the tree. so the cat started to climb the tree and the dog barked at the cat. before the cat could reach the bird, the bird flew away. this caused the cat to fall out of the tree. the dog then ran away, the bird quickly flew back into his cage and the man from the house carried him safely home.
0	We are hosts today We are learning all kinds of knowledges at school. We are the masters of the knowledges. Our life in the future will be more wonderful. We will make many robots. We will have more tall buildings. There will be less pollution. People will have more leisure time. I am going to be a doctor when I grow up. I want to help patients. I will work and live in Beijing. I will work hard to treat the patients. I will try my best to save people"s lives. I will travel a lot when I am free. I will go to the beach on vacation.
